I'm here with my children ring Ethan and
baby joy in our video today we're gonna
share with you one simple yet extremely
powerful technique that will enable you
to keep your child in need and help your
child become a fast and fluent reader it
is an exact same technique and method
that we used to teach our children to be
before they were three years old here
let me show you two quick video clips
the first clip you saw was our daughter
ring reading at two years eleven months
old eleven weeks after we began teaching
her to read the second clip was our son
ethan reading at two years nine months
old
also after eleven weeks of reading
instructions using our unique reading
system pretty impressive huh what's even
more impressive is that by the time ring
was four years two months old she was
reading at a grade three level
find that hard to believe we will show
you another video clip in just a bit
which I'm sure will amaze you I remember
when ring was